Update VSCode debugging guide (#2189)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/tooling-guide/visual-studio-code-extension/run-and-debug/using-the-debugging-features.md

---
layout: ballerina-tooling-guide-left-nav-pages-swanlake
title: Using the Debugging Features

> description: Describes the existing ballerina debugging features in vscode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the existing Ballerina debugging features provided in Visual Studio Code.
```

Author: Updated in 7025c57
